I saw what you did. I just don't understand your motives.
You never honored our alliance even two years ago, so what happened now?
First of all, it wasn't me who didn't honor the alliance.
It was your father. Secondly, do you have any idea how many men you've lost?
You don't do you. Last week eight, tonight five.
Well, I'm at home now, and I will protect my family.
Well, you really think you alone can protect your pack?
Yes, I will. What makes you think I can't? Is that because I'm a weak female?
No. It's not that you're a weak female. It's that you've been gone for a long time.
Your people don't know you. They don't respect you.
So they respect you? You are the reason.
Oh, said we. You are the reason why my father is still fighting this battle.
If he had a son, his heir, he would have retired.
Someone would have lived his best life.
He really don't know, do you? Mess them up.